*** START OF THE PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK 67566 ***






                             ANNOUNCEMENT


From time immemorial the human race has been interested in pictures of
persons, scenes and things; and one of the most potent means of driving
home ideas and lessons, and oftentimes of arousing human passions, is
the cartoon. No longer venomous, the cartoon is regarded as a humorous
or sarcastic comment on topics uppermost in the nation’s mind. It is
more than a picture, however, because it is also suggestive and presents
a clear idea, lucidly and usually laughingly worked out.

Naturally the cartoon carries with it a strong individual appeal and as
such it is used quite extensively by the press. The idea of displaying
cartoons of current events as a window attraction, however, is new, and
has met with wide approval judging by the throngs which they attract. It
originated with the Carey Fountain Pen Stores and has been used by them
for about eight years.

After demonstrating the success of this unique method of attracting the
attention of the public, during which time a chain of pen stores has
been established in the principal cities of the country, it was decided
to extend the range of influence of the Carey cartoons by making them
available to other merchants as well. As a result, hundreds of stores in
the United States and in other countries are now using this means of
dispelling the gloom from the face of the “man in the street.”

When the European War began, the subject did not appear very promising
for cartoons intended for window display owing to the bitter partisan
feelings the war engendered in the breasts of many whose ancestors came
from one or other of the belligerent nations. Moreover, the President
made a strong appeal to all citizens to refrain from unneutral words or
deeds. In keeping with the spirit of the proclamation and out of
deference to the feelings of very many citizens, absolute neutrality has
been sought and maintained in the Carey war cartoons. This is no easy
task and we believe that this difficult subject has been treated
discreetly and masterfully as well. The cartoons are done in color and
the artist has been accurate in his portrayal of the character and
traits of the monarchs and peoples involved in the titanic struggle. The
War being uppermost in the minds of all people at the present time, the
cartoons are doubly effective on that account.




                            EDITION DE LUXE


The 52 cartoons in this book, hand colored, printed on fine quality
ledger paper, bound in full limp leather, sent postpaid upon receipt of
$2.50.


/*
                            Copyright, 1915
                         Carey Cartoon Cervice
                               New York
*/

[Illustration: THINGS ARE COMING HIS WAY.]

[Illustration: A QUESTION OF WHICH “GETS” HIM FIRST]

[Illustration: GET-A-WAY DAY FOR HUERTA.]

[Illustration: THE ADVANCE OF CIVILIZATION?]

[Illustration: UNITED STATES DECLARES WAR!]

[Illustration: PITY THE INNOCENT BYSTANDER!]

[Illustration: IRRESISTIBLE FORCE VERSUS IMMOVABLE BODY.]

[Illustration: LET BYGONES BE BYGONES FOREVER!]

[Illustration: SHERMAN WAS RIGHT, ALLRIGHT!]

[Illustration: BACK TO THE “LAND OF THE FREE”]

[Illustration: ROUGH-HOUSE IN THE WORLD’S SCHOOL.]

[Illustration: THE RACE OF THE RACES.]

[Illustration: THE GREATEST SHOW ON EARTH.]

[Illustration: SHIPS THAT PASS IN THE FIGHT.]

[Illustration: THANKSGIVING IS COMING.]

[Illustration: SHOPPING EARLY TO AVOID THE CRUSH!]

[Illustration: ONE TOUCH OF NATURE MAKES THE WHOLE WORLD KIN.]

[Illustration: SPEEDING THE DEPARTING GUEST.]

[Illustration: “TRUTH IS MIGHTY”--SCARCE.]

[Illustration: OBSTRUCTING TRAFFIC.]

[Illustration: “ON THE TOBOGGAN.”]

[Illustration: HE WANTS WHAT HE WANTS WHEN HE WANTS IT.]

[Illustration: THE WORLD’S “THEATRE OF WAR.”]

[Illustration: WAIVING THE RULES.]

[Illustration: TROUBLE IN “TROUBLED WATERS.”]

[Illustration: ON THE “EUROPEAN PLAN”]

[Illustration: PLAYING THE GAME OF WAR.]

[Illustration: WHILE THERE’S LIFE THERE’S HOPE.]

[Illustration: “HITTING THE TRAIL.”]

[Illustration: FORCING THE DARDANELLES.]

[Illustration: THE NEW MONARCH.]

[Illustration: A KICK THROUGH THE “OPEN DOOR”.]

[Illustration: “SEE” AMERICA FIRST.]

[Illustration: ONWARD CHRISTIAN SOLDIERS!]

[Illustration: A SLIPPERY PROPOSITION.]

[Illustration: STAND BY THE PRESIDENT!]

[Illustration: ROCKING THE BOAT.]

[Illustration: THE RUSH FOR THE LIFE-BOAT!]

[Illustration: PUTTING IT UP TO UNCLE SAM.]

[Illustration: INTERRUPTING THE FESTIVITIES]

[Illustration: DID HE FALL, OR WAS HE PUSHED?]

[Illustration: FIRST CASE IN WORLD COURT.]

[Illustration: THE EUROPEAN WAR-DANCE!]

[Illustration: THE FREEDOM OF THE SEIZE.]

[Illustration: LINE FORMS ON “THE OTHER SIDE”]

[Illustration: THE LABORER IS WORTHY OF HIS HIGHER.]

[Illustration: IN THE EUROPEAN SPOTLIGHT.]

[Illustration: BABY’S FIRST BIRTHDAY]

[Illustration: “IN HOCK SIGNO VINCES”

(BY THIS SIGN YOU SHALL WIN)]

[Illustration: THE INTERNATIONAL “WAKE”]

[Illustration: EVERYBODY STILL HAS A SHOW.]



*** END OF THE PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK 67566 ***
